Alerting: Allow configuration of content types for email notifications (#32665)
grafana/grafana: emails/templates/welcome_on_signup.txt

[[Subject .Subject "Welcome to Grafana"]]

Hi [[.Name]],

Welcome! Ready to start building some beautiful metric and analytic dashboards?

> If you are new to Grafana please read the Getting Started guid than can be found on https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/getting-started/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Grafana, please read the [getting started guide](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/getting-started/).
```

Author: @oddlittlebird this is a plain-text file, so Markdown formatting is not supported.

Author: Fixed typos but did not use Markdown syntax

Reviewer 2: The guide is titled *Getting started with Grafana*, rather than *getting started guide*.

Please change to, "If you are new to Grafana, refer to the *Getting started with Grafana* guide.

> Thank you for joining our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank-you for joining our community.
```

Author: @oddlittlebird This suggestion is incorrect English spelling.
